refine IANA table, add definition of DNS operator policy and network … (#3)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

pseudo-RR in the query. This allows the server to differentiate
EDE-aware clients from EDE-unaware clients and respond appropriately.

# New Sub-Error Codes Definition

> Subsequent documents defining new Sub-Error codes MUST be accepted by

Reviewer: This text conflicts with the policy set for the registry (expert review).  I think the intent here is not about the document that requests the new code but the reference that is provided to characterize the error. I agree that it is preferable  to 
 have an IETF ref, but MUST is too strong here.

IETF, MUST also provide a clear definition of the error code (in their

> Reference text), and MUST also provide more characterization than the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meaning or Reference clauses), and MUST also provide more characterization than the
```

Author: I have removed my text which was intended as guidance to the expert reviewer.

{{RFC8914}} parent error.

This document defines new IANA-registered Sub-Error codes, below.

## Reserved {#policy-reserved}

  * Number: 0

  * Meaning: Reserved

>   * Applicability: Blocked, Forged, Censored, Filtered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Applicability: N/A. 
```

This code must not be used at all.

Author: Ok, updating doc accordingly.

>   * Reference: this sub-error code value MUST NOT be sent. If received, it has no meaning.

Reviewer: This text should be under "meaning".

  * Change Controller: IETF

## Network Operator Policy {#policy-network}

  * Number: 5

  * Meaning: Network Operator Policy

  * Applicability: Blocked, Forged

>   * Reference: the operator providing IP connectivity filtered the response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Reference: Filtered according to policy determined by the operator of the local network 
```

  * Change Controller: IETF

## DNS Operator Policy {#policy-dns}

  * Number: 6

  * Meaning: DNS Operator Policy

  * Applicability: Blocked, Forged

>   * Reference: the operator of the DNS server filtered the response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Reference:  Filtered according to policy determined by the operator of the DNS server
```

* Number: Wire format suberror code (range 0-255)

* Meaning: A short description of the sub-error

* Applicability: Indicates which RFC8914 error codes apply to this sub-error code

> * Reference: A pointer to IETF-approved specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reference: A pointer to the specification that registered the code and/or an authoritative specification that describes the meaning of this code.
```

* Change Controller: Person or entity, with contact information if appropriate.

The SubError Code registry shall initially be populated with the
following suberror codes:

| Number | Meaning | RFC8914 error code applicability | Reference |  Change Controller |
|:------:|:--------|:---------------------------------|:----------|:------------------:|

> | 0 | Reserved| Blocked, Forged, Censored, Filtered | {{policy-reserved}} | IETF |

Reviewer: I would also list this document under Reference to keep track of documents that registered a code.
